pagination and sort in annotated queries (#1573)
spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gcp: docs/src/main/asciidoc/datastore.adoc

  @Query("SELECT * FROM  test_entities_ci WHERE id = @id_val")
  TestEntity getOneTestEntity(@Param("id_val") long id);

  @Query("SELECT * FROM traders WHERE name = @trader_name")
  List<Trader> tradersByNameSort(@Param("trader_name") String traderName, Sort sort);

  @Query("SELECT * FROM traders WHERE name = @trader_name")
  Slice<Trader> tradersByNameSlice(@Param("trader_name") String traderName, Pageable pageable);

  @Query("SELECT * FROM traders WHERE name = @trader_name")
  Page<Trader> tradersByNamePage(@Param("trader_name") String traderName, Pageable pageable);
}
----

> When return type is Slice or Pageable, the cursor that points to position after the result is preserved. In order to leverage it to make queries more efficient, use Pageable produced by `slice.getPageable().next()` (same for Page).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When return type is `Slice` or `Page`, the cursor that points to position after the result is preserved. In order to leverage it to make queries more efficient, use `Pageable` produced by `slice.getPageable().next()` (same for `Page`).
```

> When return type is Slice or Pageable, the cursor that points to position after the result is preserved. In order to leverage it to make queries more efficient, use Pageable produced by `slice.getPageable().next()` (same for Page).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the return type is `Slice` or `Pageable`, the result set cursor that points to the position just after the page is preserved in the returned `Slice` or `Page` object. To take advantage of the cursor to query for the next page or slice, use `result.getPageable().next()`.
```

> NOTE: `Page` requires total count of entities produced by the query, therefore the first query will have to retrieve all the records just to count them. Instead, we recommend using `Slice` return type, because it does not require a count query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
NOTE: `Page` requires the total count of entities produced by the query. Therefore, the first query will have to retrieve all of the records just to count them. Instead, we recommend using the `Slice` return type, because it does not require an additional count query.
```
